docs: add MDX 3 community plugin (#1102)
parcel-bundler/website: src/languages/mdx.md

{% endsamplefile %}
{% endsample %}

## MDX v3 usage

> If you're using MDX v3, community plugin [`parcel-transformer-mdx`][1] is recommended, Babel & TypeScript configuration can be loaded automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using MDX v3, you can use the community plugin [`parcel-transformer-mdx`][https://www.npmjs.com/package/parcel-transformer-mdx].
```
